supplement troubleshoot documents (#2973)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/usage/faq.md

### Why SpiderSubnet feature not works well?

- For error like `Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook "spidersubnet.spiderpool.spidernet.io": the server could not find the requested resource`, you need to update configmap `spiderpool-conf` to enable SpiderSubnet feature and restart `spiderpool-agent` and  `spiderpool-controller` components.

> - For error like `failed to get IPPool candidates from Subnet: no matching auto-created IPPool candidate with matchLables`, you should check `spiderpool-controller` logs. The spiderpool-controller component requires that the kubernetes cluster lowest version is `v1.21` once using the SpiderSubnet feature. The following error logs means your kubernetes cluster version is too low:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For error like `failed to get IPPool candidates from Subnet: no matching auto-created IPPool candidate with matchLables`, you should check `spiderpool-controller` logs. The spiderpool-controller component requires that the cluster has kubernetes version not lower than `v1.21` once using the SpiderSubnet feature. The following error logs means your kubernetes cluster version is too low:
```
